docs: Fix typo in changelog (#39223)
angular/angular: CHANGELOG.md

> the TypeScript compiler might compain. A v11 migration exists which adds the not-null assertion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the TypeScript compiler might complain. A v11 migration exists which adds the non-null assertion
```

operator where necessary.

> In an unlikely case your code was testing the parnet against undefined with strict equality,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an unlikely case your code was testing the parent against undefined with strict equality,
```

> you'll need to change this to `=== null` instead, since the parent is not explicily initialized

Reviewer: I think this should be `now`, with another typo:

```suggestion
you'll need to change this to `=== null` instead, since the parent is now explicitly initialized
```
